I back my car to cough car the other day
will he just drove off sometimes last
occasion hey guys so today I'm doing a
back to school haul and I'm really
excited I went to target and picked up
some school supplies and I actually go
back in the beginning of September and
right now it's the beginning of august
um so I don't know I just thought that
um I'd get them now just to get excited
for school cuz I'm always late on
putting up my video so um yeah I thought
I'd get them now and I'm probably gonna
get more back when back-to-school time
comes for me but I thought I'd do a
whole now and i'm just gonna zoom myself
a little bit in more because i feel like
i'm really zoomed out so perfect okay so
um i'm using my Canon Rebel t3 eyes this
is exciting we really just do on my
window that doesn't seem fun okay so did
you target and got some stuff so I'm
showing you guys the first thing i got
is this um one hip chick of file
organizer thing on and this comes with
13 things and this is perfect for
homework and i thought i had a really
cute design too so i really love this
just for my homework um it's perfect and
label it with the subject um so really
excited for that if you want also do it
back to school clothing haul um so
that'll be fun then I got this heavy
duty um binder which this is like a
gorgeous like teal color so I really
loved the color and I always use finders
so I felt bad come in handy Oh step
bowling okay I'm actually gonna see
myself out sorry if I'm doing you but I
don't know I feel like I'm to zoom dude
um then I got some one direction stuff I
got this one direction composition
notebook um and you can never have too
many one direction composition books and
comes with some one direction skipper so
that's exciting um just had some
pictures of bed on it the front so
that's fun and then i also got one
direction folder to go with it um and
funny story like this lady saw me
getting that and then she's like oh my
gosh i have one direction sheets too and
I'm like oh my god so we had like a
fangirl moment it was like a grown woman
it was weird um but then I got this
binder and has this flowers I don't know
I thought it was pretty immense design
so I think that's cute it's just a
binder I only got two minors will
probably need more as i said i'm
probably gonna go back to school
shopping again went back to school time
comes um i'm also doing them back to
school Furies so request any videos that
you have down below and dumb i'm going
to do a locker video but at first I need
to find a walker to film the video in
anyway so then I got this one and it's
like an abstract painting kind of holder
so I love that um hey then I got this I
love to apply so much but I got this box
folder which oh my god I'm in love and
that has little hearts and other heart
and it's perfect and then it's even more
exciting I got a matching notebook what
what what it matches like didn't think
this could get any better but it just
did it just did not regard look at it
but oh good odds if it has poked it on
for me inside this folder saw the
financial minute this is okay guys sorry
I'm my card was oh nice thing I got are
these me mercury um hombre earbuds which
I'm really excited about they're so cute
um and yeah I don't know boys meet
earbuds and I need them for back to
school cuz I can study whole I can use
and stuff and I go get to go out for
lunch I have an open campus so I get to
go to lunch or I could just like sit
outside and a picnic table or something
I don't know um then I got makeup wipes
because I came from a first birthday
party and I was with my dad and he was
embarrassed because I had a big fish in
my face because there was face painting
the birthday party so I me he was like
Kelsey you gotta get that off your face
so got makeup remover wipes get that
wolf Matt safe um and then the last
thing in this bed are my favorite pencil
these are the paper mate mechanical
pencils they're amazing I love them
still have some from lash ok on my test
but um yeah I love these um I would have
gotten a bigger package if there was one
but it just all they had someone
probably gonna need more pencils but
it's good for now um then I'm gonna fit
this binder I'm obsessed with or not
without a binder is a folder it says be
the change you want to see in the world
I'm like obsessed that cult um
apparently it's from don t don t go
again yeah um anyways bullies don't make
us who we are our actions do my love is
i love these qualities i love pop and so
this from me so I got that um uh then my
husband one direction more one direction
I'm gonna be able to focus on my studies
so this one direction going on but
anyway he's got the solder so yeah um
then got a One Direction notebook and I
got a composition one but I also got
this one what's this called marble or
something no that's a marble is this
composition I don't know hate thinking
um anyway
too much perfection on a paper and then
I got tens which these are my favorite I
like the big ones that are like clear
with like the little like rubbery thing
at the top but I like these things in my
second favorite so I settled these are
the bic cristal or its forty percent
longer on average than leading
competitor fancy but anyways got these
pens but yeah Penza pens so then I
thought these Sharpie smear guard New
York um highlighters which they're
retractable narrow chisel hmm but
anyways yes that one nobody it's me
resistance so some of the pink orange
and yellow and big I like toke up
someone went for it um since the
Lessing's i got this thing isn't my
mighty fine bags was this deodorant and
i got this for my school bag um because
map his be a nostril and freshen up okay
but sometimes i forget to put on d DQ
obdurate so i got this um so yeah I'm
gonna put this my school bag and I
actually have this deodorant in the full
size that I had in my house sure will be
twinning me and myself me myself and i
yeah all right I'm gonna go to my aunt
out because we're having movie night
because our parents are going out so I'm
gonna go to my cousin's house and we're
gonna watch a movie I don't know what
movie yet yeah all right hope you
enjoyed are you guys I will talk to you
later bye